
# CSCI480-Final-Project
__Authors:__ Josh Myers-Dean, Mina Shin, Ryan Wells
## Requirements
Julia 1.3
## About
In this project we simulate portals from the game portal. We use an implementation of a raytacer from our assignment 2 in CSCI 480. To view our writeup navigate to /finalReport and open report.html in your browser.

## Setting up the project
First deal with shell permissions stuff
```bash
chmod+x gif.sh
```

Our raytracing system is developed in Julia, you'll need to set up the project environment. Start by cloning the repository, go the the WWURay directory, and run Julia with --project flag.
```
$ cd path/to/WWURay
$ julia --project
```
At the Julia prompt, press ] to switch to the pkg prompt and install the packagea dependencies for this project:
```
julia> ]
(WWURay) pkg> instantiate
```
Back to the julia prompt, type the commend to make our WWURay moduel accessible:
```
(WWURay) pkg> [backspace]
julia> using WWURay
```
Now, you are ready to try our raytracer.


## Rendering Scene Images 
We has three defaults scene for testing. Our main function to render a scene is like below:
```
julia> WWURay.main(scene, height, width, out)
    scene: scene number [1, 2, or 3]
    height: canvas height
    width: canvas width
    out: prefix for a set of images files
``` 

Once you run this, successive scene images are generated by the position of camera moving under video folder. For example:
```
julia > WWURay.main(2, height, width, "s3_")
```
```
$ cd video
$ ls
03/13/2020  05:24 PM    <DIR>          .
03/13/2020  01:37 PM    <DIR>          ..
03/13/2020  04:51 PM            35,087 s3_01.png
03/13/2020  04:51 PM            35,386 s3_02.png
03/13/2020  04:51 PM            36,104 s3_03.png
03/13/2020  04:51 PM            36,282 s3_04.png
...
```
Where "s3_" would represent scene 3

## Creating Gif From Scene Images
__ONLY DO THIS ONCE FOR EACH SCENE__
After you have ran a scene in the Julia REPL, navigate to the home directory and run 
```bash
./gif sceneNum
```
Where sceneNum is your desired scene. You will then find the results in WWURay/results. 


